Title: ParkMania: Parking Management System

Group Members: Srinivas Vishwanath & Saurabh Sharma

Description: In this system we focus to eradicate the problem of improper vehicle parking and unavailability of parking area. For this very purpose we have built a booking application that helps book or pre-book the slots for users. This application contains three major features which are:
1.	Pre Book a slot.
2.	Check for Nearby Parking Areas.
3.	Check Nearest Parking Area and get a slot there.
The slot layout contains different zones. Two wheeler and four wheeler vehicles are parked separately. The Nearby Parking Area feature helps in looking for parking area that are close to the location of the user in order to park the vehicle. This comes very handy and easy and the user does not have to roam in order to find parking space. The Nearest Parking Area feature helps locate the nearest parking area in vicinity to the main area (in case it is full) and get a slot there. This solves on of our major problem case where even if the main area is full the user gets an alternative to park the vehicle in the nearest location safely.
In addition, our system contains an extension notification feature wherein a user is asked (via notification) if he/she wishes to extend the parking slot. If yes, the price is recalculated accordingly.  User also generates a QR code that contains all the parking details in it. This QR helps in verifying the user at the entrance of the parking area in order to verify the person. The details of the vehicle owners contained in the QR and that of the vehicles are stored in the backend database and thereby the identity is veriﬁed right at the entrance. Therefore, our system provides security. Payment will be calculated on the basis of time. Our system provides ﬂexibility of booking a parking slot through the application so they will not have to wander in search of a vacant slot in the parking area. The most striking feature our system contains is the real time updates our system provides that shows the occupancy of the slots. This helps the user know if a parking area is full or not and which or how many slots are available.
